feat(shortcut/page): new doc (#442)
citizenfx/fivem-docs: content/docs/client-manual/shortcut.md

---
title: FiveM shortcut
toc_hide: true
---

# How to Access FiveM Properties
**Note:** You can skip to step 3 if you already have a shortcut created.

1. **Locate FiveM Application**

>    - Navigate to the FiveM installation directory, **typically** found at `C:\Users\[YourUsername]\AppData\Local\FiveM`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Navigate to the FiveM installation directory, **typically** found at `%localappdata%\FiveM`.
```
